God’s nature is mostly cruel. He’s not too minded with individuals, but the parts of him that are change and swap roles and are less intelligent than the average human. These parts are contrary to modern knowledge of physics.  There is intelligence in the universe. There are subconscious and superconscious communications. There are incredibly vast-scope plans executed successfully. There are spiritual forces both good and evil reflecting the hearts of all who vote in their composition. Unfortunately, this hidden government is far from God as praised in Judaism and Christianity. Our lives are a lot. No virtue or intelligence or karmic mandate prevent vast stupidity from winning out and ruling the outcomes of events. God might be extraordinarily evil. I don’t know. I know forces strong and smart enough exist to do far better things, but I don’t know if they are more good or more evil. I think an unreliable split of both leaning towards some Republican handsoffish judge who wants to teach you to be more guilty and more ashamed, or just suppress any ability to express yourself consequentially with due credit and due soul.

If I were God I would kill Sam painlessly, literally, and in the comfort of his own time and place of choosing. I would give him some peace somehow to make the last moments certain that all is good behind the veneers of life’s tragedies, but that, like Frodo, he can sail off. And if I were a powerful God, I would somehow give Sam that peace and knowing, and hope to still live, while he confidently follows through to his own un-tragic, consciously chosen death. 

