## Summary to friend

Life update is that I’m lonely. Theres nothing about me to want or like. I think all the mysticism I witnessed and documented is the cause of the spirits of people, forming power structures that are just as greedy and corrupt as the human ones, except with the additional power to regulate peoples consciousness and perhaps even control over physics to some extent. I think our collective consciousness spirits pretty much parallel our collective human societies and problems. I also think most of my life, but especially in the last 6 years, I’ve been obstructed by those forces. After all, I finished my ChatGPT paper 5 years ago in the hospital, barely functioning to run the last successful experiment. I don’t think the obstructions are because they knew I could’ve stolen ChatGPT early before it was made by the people who are worthy, or because they knew I could come to other research advances sooner that would potentially give me power or influence… but because I might have. And that’s enough to enforce preventative measures. It’s not because I was gaurenteed to be a threat, but I might’ve been enough of one and it presumably costs nothing to destroy a person’s life through deceptive mystical interventions. I’ve seen too many such woven interventions to question that something straight out of a schizophrenic’s delusions has connived for a long time to convince me to act on trust and faith in metaphysics rather than in my own direct best capitalist interests

Whatever exists in the world is bad. It’s the same as human governments and corporate powers. It’s not God. But it exists, has directly and deceptively intervened in my life, and I have too much evidence for that 

Anyway, most people would go into schizophrenia from this understanding. I’m desensitized to it. But this understanding is isolating because it’s about beyond what human civilization has even reached / needs to know about 

Unlike Star Trek where civilization has already solved all of its problems and is justified to spread its solutions to alien civilizations beyond where man has gone before, human society hasn’t even solved its own corruptions and deceptions. There’s no point talking about how corrupt some distant alien frontier of space is when there are extremely evident corruptions still on earth 

But that obstruction and the loss and the loneliness together create a miserable life. I want to be wanted. When I’m not wanted — and without hair / with severely trauma-damaged personality I haven’t been — I feel no motivation to do anything. And with the demoralizing reality of “schizophrenics are most right about the world than the most-right religions” and “these things can and will personality target me if I start to actualize anything too threatening” and “arguing this is possible but it’s impossible to prove” combined with “I don’t really have trust/faith in humanity” and “I’m alone”, what reason is there to do anything? For who? Why? To what disappointing exhausting goal? I have no hair and the world will literally connive to keep me powerless, I have a consciousness that is useless in social and romantic situations, and memories of years of extreme discipline to discredit the actual benefit of trying

And on the schizophrenic view that these things mind-control and so on, they do. Every cliche thing a schizophrenic has tried to express through an unconvincing set of language symbols, is in some form true

Meanwhile clinicians are telling them they’re sick unable to see the justified terror in their eyes

Summary:

- collective consciousness is analogous to human collective power structures
- but it regulates mind
- schizophrenics are mostly right
- I’m demoralized by memories of obstructed successes, wasted disciplines, suspiciously sabotaging mental states, false hopes, exploited faith/trust, and people and things that have been ripped away from me

It’s made more credible by the actual forecasting of each major innovation combined with intense obstructive mental states and metaphysical situations convincing me not to do them (side note, does it strike you as weird that the head of OpenAI, Sam Altman, was fired a week after I was for some secret AGI thing called Q* in my specialized area of study that has been making sensationalized headlines?). Ah it’s also made more credible by synchronicities in abundance, none more extreme [than the ones around Tayler](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Does-anyone-else-think-this-is-proof-of-God%3F.md)

Credible is the wrong word. It’s not made more credible. Just more corroborated when context fully understood and known

## Message to Christian friend

> About 5 years ago I texted my Christian friend who I used to argue with all the time that "I was wrong". I was a damn good atheist, and as soon as credible evidence appeared to the contrary, I admitted my wrongness explicitly and without prompt to the main person I argued with. However, I think I was wrong about being wrong. I think the converged viewpoint I reached 7 years ago ("it's all a game" "people lack empathy", "everyone's psychotic", "there's no God") was pretty spot-on and the intricate philosophies I developed since then, while probably valuable to theologians if only they could understand and appreciate e.g. all the math and why it's more scientifically credible than their versions, I'm convinced the reality is closer to the one I diagnosed 7 years ago than the one I've been preaching more recently. And the most accurate was probably the one I believed/argued 10 years ago, which was effectively just plain old liberal atheism/absurdism
>
> Here is how I want to message my same friend, 5 years later: 

Hey Josiah, I'm like 99.99% sure there isn't a worshipable God. This comes after ~9 years of investigating the subject, from many angles, and probably more thoroughly than anyone has at least from a credible scientific perspective. I'm convinced that my theories that led me to consider the possibility of a God or Gods or something in that manner existing, are wrong. I see no logical reason to believe in God, but I would accept without argument the existence of something in nature beyond what is known in modern physics and that there are goons and unworshipable "spirits" within that conglomerate, whatever it is. The Christian and Jewish God, I'm certain, is false.

---

Attached are [images](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Stuff42-GradsAlliance-draft.md) of what the extra-mile of faith most-recently led to

And if you want proof of a devil, read this: [https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Does-anyone-else-think-this-is-proof-of-God%3F.md](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Does-anyone-else-think-this-is-proof-of-God%3F.md)

Note, about the Bible: I’m on Gideon, having been reading diligently and earnestly in chronological order, and like him, I’ve put a fleece on the floor, but it turned out soaking wet. Suspiciously, the earlier chapters I read, in particular Joshua, had no trouble coinciding with materialized events, as well as the later one Job (or most of it, minus deus ex machina) that I started with, before the full Bible, as I’d done (in chronological order), in case that chronology’s confusing. (not sure why it would be or if/why that matters, but saying just in case)

My ultimate conclusion about the nature of God is this, due to reasons that I tried to fight adamantly against: [https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/God/3.md](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/God/3.md)

I was, by the way, trying to prove God’s feasibility in the logics of math and physics, but by all available evidence to me, I did the opposite, excluding any absurd attempts at rationalization such as “absurdly mysterious ways”

And hey, if you ever want to argue someone that physicists are wrong and that something like the /Devil/ might exist, you are welcome to use those links above after I die or with my permission. 

I wrote 10,000 prayers, a new one or re-phrased one every day, and none of them were answered except with more misfortune and new stakes

Humans have usually just piled on dislikes while I ended up right and having contributed uncredited, unacknowledged and unprecedentedly unconditional sincerity

I’m quite an un-judgemental person, aside from philosophizing, and have loved everybody I knew, so it’s really odd how much I’ve been condemned 

## Another summary

I don’t know why these things happen. My best guess is some combination of shaping to other peoples’ judgements and meeting expectations. Perhaps the reason being some sort of authoritative hierarchy that’s enforced either culturally or between individuals, through communication patterns, potentially unconscious ones, potentially even language crypticism. These consciousness observations combined with observations of precognition and telepathy on enough occasions and convincing occasions suggested to me the interference is more than local. And with the many past outcomes of severe loss tragedy and suffering, convinced me that the overall intelligence of the system is low and probably by my personal principles evil. However this larger collective process works, it is far from “good” let alone “God” from what I can tell. Most likely given the [extreme] evidence of such instances I have and extreme evidence of those threadings having long-term harm in severe ways, my current general “ruling” about these suspicious mental viscera and the corresponding divergences from statistical precedent and my own personal background and past near-achievements, and the extreme suffering I’ve been through at odds with the extremely extreme discipline I exercised through great sacrifice and patience, is that the collective consciousness is evil, there is no worship-worthy God, and no divine natural force measurably stands up to optimistic interpretation, compared to, perhaps more conspiratorial (e.g. a corrupt centralized decentrality of greedy actors and power-preserving special interests in the ethereum unethically inducing cause and effect in the real world, sometimes targeted against individuals, for the same motivated reasons that humans have). I think whatever exists probably is humans at some level.

## Message to one more peer

I’ve seen so many coincidental patterns in the universe that defy any standard physics explanation, that for a long time I really believed, pretty darn lucidly, that the universe had built into it an intelligence, that is, a God, or a mechanism for planning via singularizing intelligence across distributed intelligences

seeing many anomalies like this and having revelatory hypnogogic states that gave me insights into how those threaded divergences might mechanically be explained, made me think I was possibly fated for something, but I didn’t believe it and definitely don’t now

I saw many “coincidences” extreme ones, that I can list them at this point and you would agree “yeah that’s pretty coincidental” as in, with the sense of some absurdity to think them as not being paranormalities. Nothing I told you about so far

However, of all the paranormal-like coincidences, one of perhaps a few that didn’t traumatize me and didn’t fall apart were when, and describing this with a handful of mood uplift and a huge dose of innocence: [[paragraph-long story redacted]]. So like that — miraculous even. Hard to not interpret as a paranormal luck

However, since then, a lot of coincidences like that occurred and statistical anomalies that wove a thread over many years. And, unlike the cute example of us hanging out in Drama House, resulted in extreme injustice in my life over the last 6 years

Those interventions were so extreme and directly caused physical, mental, lifelong damage. Since those interventions of the last 6 years had narrative cohesion behind them it can be inferred that there’s an intelligence behind them (or collective/distributed intelligences). Besides narrative structure: non-local reasoning across people who never met across thousands of miles, longish-term memory across many years, and many symbolic semantics, with participants ranging from humans to animals. 

What makes it suspicious is that these paranormal circumstances weren’t miraculous but rather led to tragic outcomes after tragic outcomes, distracting me from things that provably would’ve benefited me, and with paper trails by the way indicting power-reasons to motivate such interventions (e.g. my successfully-executed ChatGPT-esque paper 5 years ago that I finished running the experiments for barely conscious in the hospital just before being brain damaged and abandoned by my first PhD advisor and left in the hands of my second PhD advisor who likewise abandoned me just when I had something potentially impactful to show for my time). Big narrativized statistical anomalies combined with a breadcrumb trail of tragedies around those near-achievements (including many others not mentioned) suggest a more conspiratorial interpretation over a more optimistic one

So why do I mention this? Is it to brag or lie about near-achievements? No. It’s because I’m describing a schizophrenic worldview

And unfortunately a justified, well-evidenced one

ergo, my life is destroyed. I’m scared. And I logically have to have the opposite of faith in the very things that govern everything and all of us including mind and consciousness 

---

> Note: “a ChatGPT paper” refers to a work I did in 2018, prophetically early for the method, called [“Distributional Relations In Deep Learning.”](https://www.overleaf.com/read/qgmmzgsrctmg#6cd1b9) Back then, the professors at the University of Rochester in majority believed and argued that Deep Learning was a fad. My first advisor, Henry Kautz, was really skeptical of my obsession with this obscure thing called “MHDPA”, the method that later took over Deep Learning and underpins models like ChatGPT. He emailed that he thought I should focus on Neural Architecture Search. I was (somewhat heretically) interested in reinforcement learning, relational reasoning (such as via MHDPA, both for sequences and spatial entities / vision, but note that back then this was an alienating or singling view to take), and long-term lifelong memory (such as the early neural episodic control and memory networks). At the time of that work, I was probably the only one outside of DeepMind who heard of MHDPA and certainly at my university. An author of an MHDPA-based RNN at NeurIPS 2018 was so impressed with me he even said he’d recommend me to his colleagues at DeepMind if I applied, though I of course never did because I was hospitalized and brain damaged around that time. 
> 
> Back then I had to use Tensorflow 1.0 and there wasn’t an existing infrastructure. I ran the experiments I could in the hospital and got successful results. The reviewers of the paper who rejected it didn’t know what MHDPA was. And they were unsatisfied with the number of experiments, and the jargon about relational reasoning (today, that jargon would not have been controversial). That work and foresight, much like muuuch and maaany of the disciplines and work of my doctoral-program years (and this really can’t be understated), got wasted, often by ill-timed sudden and improbable circumstances, or foolish advisors and environment. 
> 
> Most recently, my second advisor deciding last-minute out of nowhere in the middle of a paper review (of a paper that had positive reviews and got accepted) that I didn’t have enough papers. And I was terminated before being able to run my robotics / foundation model experiments on the A6000s, literally a week after having finished the core programming for them. I released that code open source, but have no funding and barely the morale to trust the reader to believe anything I claim
>
> Note: I was also new to Deep Learning when I entered the program. I just learned it faster while balancing the extremely-myopic “breadth” courses I had to take. I graduated my undergrad in May, 2017 and went straight into the PhD program in September with ideas about studying empathy and giving empathy to machines ([it’s not as stupid as it sounds](https://github.com/slerman12/PersonalWebpage/blob/master/IRTG%20Project%20Proposal.pdf)). Then I started Transcendental Meditation and had hypnogogic revelations about ontological entities composing relations querying associative memories, a method of nearest neighbors long-term memory I envisioned in a hypnogogic state that I called “circle waves” that DeepMind turned out to have a similar line on with Neural Episodic Control
>
> These aren’t the paranormal statistical anomalies I’m referring to but the corresponding hospitalizations and debilitations that I never had before add a huge suspiciousness as to why those paranormalities, which led to further hospitalizations and debilitations and near-achievement-misses, and demonstrated signs of intelligence, acted up with me. The “I was crazy” explanation doesn’t quite track since the statistical anomalies are largely verifiable and fact-checkable. 
>
> My guess is, threads like the ones I’ve seen are common, but aren’t meant to be noticed. The forces behind them are intelligent but do not add up to a God or anything moral or anything corroborating of the good or divine flavor of metaphysics/mysticism believed by religions. Quite the opposite — closer to a concept of demonry or the Devil — given the combination of both prolonged severity and rapid acts of permanent damage they did. 
