> Written January 16, 2024 at 8:42 AM

Then I have to follow through on killing myself, having had most of what there is to live for and trust disproven to me.

God: “I have done more than enough.”

People I love. 

The synchronicities were misleading. The papers might barely make a dent. 

The hellfire that is your world, I can’t un-see. Frodo didn’t stay with Sam. After Mordor, he sailed to the Grey Havens, symbolic of death. 

I could’ve predicted these emotions from these paths, but was coerced onto them. 

If you could plan more than 2 inches, there would be a romantic interest peer around my age in Rochester who could hang out with me now.

Gideon put a fleece on the floor, respectfully. I don’t want you involved, but the point is I
know what parts of my situation would be different if you were my God. And if you were, I would; but you’re not. You’re like Chenliang or the Vikings or emblematic of greed. 

Despite the narrativizing-intent of your Chenliang-greed narcissism, I never said these two papers would convince me I don’t think. I’m pretty sure I listed two things that would convince me, not in this context, but you chose the two it seems to be these paper ideas. 

Or I just derived them myself. 

<br>
<br>

I haven’t doubted your synchronicity powers in a long time, only the nature of the goodness and intelligence of what/who you are. 

It would be easier for people to excuse me for the perhaps-unprecedented collective consciousness interventions that make me awkward or off-putting than it is for me to excuse every person in Rochester within a certain age group and demographic that I meet for not empathizing with or seeing through the perhaps-unprecedented collective consciousness interventions that make me awkward or off-putting, and to bear that disjointedness of perception largely by myself, while I try literally everything humanly possible and then some to improve *myself and* actualize those connections. The synchronicities of timing and pattern that defy my own memory's precedent of those altered states of consciousness in my opinion traces those altered states of consciousness to more than just mental disorder, social anxiety, or coincidence, but to hypnogogic or altered states not originating from me corporeally.

<br>
<br>

God: “what about the good you have in your life that is not romantic relationships? Your mom, cat, free food and housing, no urgent responsibilities or work that you have to do, plenty of distractions if you want?”

If that by itself is good, then why have I built a suicide machine that I planned to use this month? Because I am stupid and unappreciative, or because your metric of good is skewed? I think the latter because I have proven my appreciation. 

I’m still planning to kill myself this month. And I don’t trust you. 

> Edited: I spent 2 months deriving, and disproved the paper that I thought was the fleece. Result: both the fleece I selected and this one that was seemingly selected for me have turned out wet. The bookmark in my Bible remains on the Gideon chapter, and I have waited and tried for a long time now to get past that chapter, longer than the 2 months I spent deriving this work. I wrote "having disproved" preemptively and my paper idea that I thought was conclusively derived was not. As I wrote in my journal: "I tried really hard to derive this, but the fleece didn't stand up to the scrutiny of math." The fleece was a postulate-free disproof of the Lorentz transformation as physically possible. Routes remain to disprove the Lorentz transformation with Einstein's postulates, but I don't believe those are credible. For example, Einstein's "the constancy of the speed of light *in vacuo* across reference frames" postulate requires $x=ct \rightarrow \frac{\partial x}{\partial t} = c$, which contradicts both the [velocity-addition formula](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/BadStuff47-velocity-addition-formula.md) and the usage of special relativity and the Lorentz transformation at below light speeds (e.g. an electron). That's the whole disproof. Is that credible? Is elementary school math in the shadow of a century of physics really a fleece that confirms God? The credible disproof I thought I had turned out false. - January 26, 2024, morning.

Edited again (02/08/24): I think in all likelihood this [ongoing conversation](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Stuff72-Ongoing-conversation.md) is the 2nd fleece-test. That would make the first the disproof, but, same as Gideon, I'm unconvinced. My own self-described [opposing views](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Stuff65-opposing-views.md) to my esoteric beliefs are too strong. But above all, I question whatever exists' goodness. And the confirmation fleece-test would be the unambiguous yes/no result of whether humanity, and therefore God or whatever exists, deserves my faith. But to be clear: the result is whether I decide that humanity deserves my faith and [my continued presence](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Stuff68-policy-proposal.md) on this [earth](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/indebted.md), not anything else. Don't commit me to this! I'm reasonable in letting God decide the fleece-tests, but if I'm not convinced, then Gideon's situation hasn't been reproduced, while many other parts of the Bible as I've been reading them chronologically have, with statistically unbelievable synchronicity. (But not so much so to cast away all [doubt](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/God/3.md)).

Noting at this point, I'm pretty sure I have [a conclusive disproof](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Stuff67-Lorentz-disproof.md) and no, I don't want to live and am not convinced of all that this shit implies.

To be honest, I'm only including this in case I kill myself and someone reads this thinking, "oh wow look God was trying to work through you! Guess He must exist and is real and is good." No, I think this Gideon chapter conclusively proves it for me or not. The story of Gideon by the way is he puts a dry fleece down on a flooding floor, and tests whether the God who he thinks has tasked him is "the one true God." If not, okay. If so, fleece should be dry even after flooding. Then, after seeing the next day it's dry, he's still unconvinced, and asks God to let him test the physically-impossible situation one more time in order to know for sure.

Although for rigor's sake my original "test" (please Brain stop using that word), that I wrote unthinkingly and not in this context in my journals (and I'm paraphrasing because I'm too drained today to find my actual phrasing) was:

(1) Romantic relationship </br>
(2) The physics theories

I can credit (2) to my own intelligence, but (1) would prove to me God. Short of that, I'm writing here basically "believing that life is worth living" would be good enough. And that requires believing that humans aren't evil as a bare minimum, even if no relationship.

For the record, I know there's a 100% chance I'm going to kill myself, and everything on this GitHub embarrasses me.

---

I wish I could stop fantasizing about some imaginary friend (God), but the fact is that none of you love me (except my mom). My social status is lower than my old neighbor's who was a sex offendor, or the next one, who had a psychotic episode and banged violently on our doors screaming that he would beat me up. My social status was always in those levels. Here's what I just wrote to someone that I'll never get to share but I like it:

> People think I’m Sam (that is my name), but I’m Frodo, and because I look like Gollum, they sort of kind of just average who I am, Frodo, and what I look like, Gollum, and arrive at Sam. But, to reiterate, I’m Frodo.

---

Oh fuck off. This is so framed it's not even funny.

They're making it look like my email stands a chance. Oh if only I follow through! If only I keep exercising faith. It's public image "just in case" so that in case people discover this, they don't realize that contained within these repo links are ample evidence against the existence of God. But this is meant to cover their trails.

"Their" refers to the parts of my brain, tied into the collective consciousness, that are framing me as schizophrenic as I type.

And people who believe might read this and find ambiguity about "oh maybe oh maybe". This GitHub is one big ambiguity-preserving machine, so that the collective consciousness forces that rule all of us can maintain their power myths

---

Here is perhaps the answer: observe the synchronicities and what is asked of me from "God." Give the same in kind to humanity, as in, if God presents me with this small disproof and then asks me to do a lot of work because of the faith based on that small disproof, then show that small disproof (as I've done here) to others and see if they give the same faith, and willingness to work, in me.

---

Of course, spreading that small disproof now, would be in the context of Detective-Sam, which I made after writing this last part. I thought that some force helped me write it, I suspected for the purpose of measuring the fleece of whether or not to have faith as dry. I sent out the last email to Michael, and I don't know how the conversation will go or if there will even be a reply. I don't know how people would judge the GitHub if I were to share it.

My friend in her 40s also suggested I might have a demon via text. I'm the first to own that possibility, but being more secular, I usually mean metaphorically. However, because she depends on her faith, in God and Jesus, I told her something akin to "I'm sure there's a God" and I really don't mean that and probably shouldn't have told her that, for my own psychological comfort in knowing my own skepticism. I texted that out of empathy to her being single and childless, and how much faith she puts into the world, at least individuals, including in me, and in her Christian views and practices. I also precluded that and proceeded that with alternative explanations for things (collective forces) and my own doubt as being analogous to Gideon's. The "collective forces" suspicion actually does parallel Gideon's. In that chapter, Gideon doesn't know if the God who has tasked him is the God of his fathers or, for example, the Baal of Moab, a false God. [As I've described elsewhere on this GitHub](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/God/3.md), much of what can be recognized as metaphysical intervention can also be explained in other ways than just "God" and the evidence I have for a singular plan, or one that specifically revolves around me continuing that Einstein/Lorentz disproof and building that new physics model and theory, is slim. For reasons I don't need to argue or evidence, as most would and do agree. However, she's one of the best evidence of a good God I have, because the story about her, how I met her, and how I even got my Bible in the first place — something I never expected myself to seriously (meaning, more than just studiously or scholastically) read — is insane. And it's a Bible that accidentally got blessed many times. 

Here is an unsent message to a friend: "To write the disproof, I need belief. The second physics paper I have in mind, I also need belief. Belief in luck. I’m as certain as math that ~my papers are~ one paper is mathematically correct. But I doubt whether they’d have the impact I’d expect from a rational scientific audience, which I understand is something you believe exists, but it’s not something I yet believe exists [due to the disproof, trivial disproofssuch as [this one](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/BadStuff47-velocity-addition-formula.md), and 7 years of rejection in my field of ideas that later exploded, including innovations of the method behind ChatGPT and everything else I ever argued to my university professors] and have some pretty strong evidence to justify that doubt [including that maybe others have claimed the same, regarding disproving or evidencing against special relativity at least, sort of, and been ignored]." Then adding:

"The specific kind of belief I need to keep working is the belief in non-lizard-humans. Every human I’ve ever met is a lizard-human. I genuinely doubt any of you will respect truth when it’s there. Your leader is literally a demented 81 year old who you chose over Bernie Sanders, and his next-best competitor according to your world’s sanity is Trump."

This is meant with my sense of humor, and I didn't send it. The specific belief I need is that I'm not being gaslit.

I have a few areas of hope in my life and none of them seem likely. If the world wants me to do work, it should give me evidence that I specifically matter to it as much as what that work claims to be worth. Otherwise, I have to do all of that work with absolute doubt as to whether it will have any benefit to me or impact to others, and without pay.

That's what Gideon's fleeces were about.

---

That person blocked me after I unambiguously-to-myself acted on faith in her.  Whether she knew it or not, that was a conclusive disproof of acting on faith when emotional realities don't quite align. Her point about praying also was pretty heavily disproven since I prayed, "I pray she didn't block me." She's amazing though and I still have faith that whatever reason she had, was good and aligned with something higher and connected to the source of what the universe wants. However, whatever that is is unclear to me because I'm on the Gideon chapters and have not had my doubts addressed. If anything, her blocking me is a reminder of how much others will ultimately side against me, often times for reasons that leave me nothing but confused and hurt and extremely surprised. I love her and genuinely believe God/something-deeper told her to block me, and that it was not her misunderstanding or misjudgement. Perhaps the message was indeed to me, "don't have faith / don't gamble on questionable senses / don't cast 'lots' in fear and accidentally sell your two daughters." 

> Turned out they didn't block me. Replied a little later normally. Even the texts my phone said weren't delivered were received. She's going to be in Africa for sometime, but can walk with me after that. Still encourages praying.

---

Edit: Emily is someone I ran into in the woods who gave me the Bible. I grew up Jewish, and was pretty brazzenly atheist in high school, and secular-minded through college. My spirituality developed into a kind of pantheism. I guess it can still be called that today. But one day in a DC motel, I picked up a copy of the Book of Genesis, and read the Garden of Eden story, and started crying. It was so roundabout because I was only there visiting a friend in my field who I'd met by chance on Discord. At his house where I was staying, in that room, there was a copy of the Book of Genesis. Some strange Cain-Abel type scenario unfolded after our hike over a beautiful mountain by the Potomac, where I was so dehydrated and thirsty near the top that I drank from an actual rainwater deposit somewhat embarassingly. It was a good hike, we talked a lot about AI, he can agree I taught him a lot and was not only lucid but generally good company up to that point, and that I was pretty helpful over Discord, and we got along until last-minute something compelled me to start saying jibberish and he told me he was uncomfortable with hosting me in the house with his roommates. So I went to the motel and again found a copy of Genesis. Weird. I started reading it, and for the first time liked it, sentimentally. So when I got home I ordered a King James Bible from Amazon, it arrived, I took a look and immediately disliked it. With a pen, I marked all of my critiques, including that the font was elitist and that it's a betrayal to God (if a worshipable God exists) to not make a Bible capture the essence of nature. I shoved the book into a corner shelf and was dissapointed that I didn't chance-order a copy that respected God more than its own publishers. It looked "royal". If there's a God worth worshipping, then that God wouldn't want the image of "royalty" and I wouldn't want to be reminded of elitism at every page. 

A month later, I ran into someone in the woods — she called to me, we met, it was Emily — in the woods and she gave me a "Life Applications Study Bible", this big, beautiful green book with a leaf on the cover. I'm not especially outgoing, so this run-in and gift was pretty synchronistic.

Another synchronicity centered around that physical Bible. It was in my backpack when a mosquito repellant candle melted randomly I guess. I thought it was ruined. I texted Emily feeling so guilty. But the candlewax actually dissolved or evaporated now. There's no trace of it. Just a good smell, that I guess repels mosquitos (blood-suckers) literally.

Emily texted it was doubly blessed.

Maybe also worth noting that I'm extremely isolated, so any social interaction is by itself statistically outstanding, let alone if it has statistically implausible threadlines, themes, and attributable motivations not originating from myself.

To recap:

The Bible story starts from a nature (Potomac mountain) hike in an elitist place (DC) and the Garden of Eden (nature). Then what’s my critique of the first Bible I get, literally that I scribbled in its pages? Royal elitism. And how do I get my second Bible shortly after? An unlikely run-in with a woman in the woods who gave me a literal nature Bible, a Bible that yet got blessed again when I spilled organic mosquito repellant candle wax on it (after camping, it melted on the Bible from inside my backpack), which evaporated but left a good smell and perhaps the ability to repel literal bloodsuckers. Notice the nature themes and seeming precognition about royal elitist vs. nature theme, and synchronism and unlikely encounter and gift over a short time. 

These observations don't prove God, nor does my skepticism disprove my gratitude.

Note: Emily wants me to believe in God and Jesus, but terrifying coincidences in abundance amid repeated trauma don't suggest "worshipable God" and the evidence for that is what Gideon was trying to verify with his fleece test.

---

Here is something I wrote to God:

> I don’t believe in you. The deleted reddit post tells me you’re erasing memory conspiratorially. I was hospitalized when I was working ahead of the curve on MHDPA. I think you are an establishment preservation force, some co-conspirator or collection of co-conspirators in authority who wants to maintain power and has low moral ability. You’ve destroyed my life and fighting you is futile because you control my psychology and emotions and thoughts and perceptions and understandings at times, and puppeteer the world in its established ways. All I can do is finish my suicide note and commit suicide. I think everyone I know becomes a sleeper-agent for you. You also deleted the CMT record. You’ve left me with no reason to believe in you, except for synchronicities, bare-minimum luck (overshadowed by extreme tragedy and misfortune), and a paper that I expect will get ignored. My revenge against you is solid though: I can’t read more of the Bible while its meanings remain absurd.

I wrote that paper in the same year as the benzo brain damage that stopped me from working on that direction. That reddit post from >3 years ago was my best summary of all of my trauma, and it was deleted. I have no backup in my notes. It was up just 5 months ago. Same with the CMT record of the paper. Microsoft emailed just months ago that, since conferences have switched from CMT to OpenReview, that they would be purging all of those records. Trauma and achievement both buried as if they didn't happen. MHDPA is the method behind ChatGPT that no one at my university heard of back then. I finished the paper in the hospital, running the last successful experiments from there. My advisor at the time argued against the research direction, and didn't agree with me referring to the method as "relational reasoning" even though that's how it's ubiquitously referred to today.

---

Josh re-entering my life just as I was reading the Joshua chapter was a big coincidence. My apartment neighbor, who lives where my grandparents used to before they died, went insane. He had a psychotic episode centered around me. The Rochester Police Department and all of our neighbors can confirm. He started banging on my apartment door and screaming, including threatening to beat me up if I came out. He kept doing this for weeks, just as I was texting Josh. Josh, my best friend, returned and is the only person who appreciates and understands me and my full perspective fully. He also went to Mt. Sinai for his PhD when I still had social anxiety, and spoke some of the political opinions that I think I emboldened in him by my own passion for them before, literally from those podiums since he was in charge of a major organization that hosted speakers like Elizabeth Warren and Greta Thunberg, usually centered around climate change and the environment. But now he was emblematic of Joshua, a chapter about the Israelites re-conquering the land of Canaan (Israel). My neighbor, who lived in my grandparents' old apartment, had to move. At the same time, I was battling PhD committee members. One of them had just been put on my committee by chance, a newly added committee member named Chris Kanan. His last name Kanan is pronounced like Kanan and *deus ex machinas* kept happening with him during the back-and-forths in which he provably mis-remembered huge details and stated on record that I should do less, not more. His rushed replies also got me to send more concrete details about my [AI plan](https://github.com/animal-tree/AI-plan/tree/Ancillary) on record via email. His superconcious, I suspect, participated in something beautiful. Or, it would've been beautiful if any of it had a point. Josh re-entering my life could partially be attributed to why I couldn't bend my knees to the University people and try to suffer all of what they demanded, enough that maybe (*maybe*) they would avoid terminating me. That's because Josh encouraged me to lay off some of my extreme disciplines that I was doing for years and to cut myself way more slack in terms of allowing myself to watch movies and shows again. Maybe that extra slack made it impossible for me to accept the impossible demands of the University enough to possibly negotiate not being terminated with them. Also, the neighbor who went psychotic was replaced with a new neighbor. He moved out of his own volition after his episode winded down, probably out of embaressment. His episode centering around me wasn't prompted, since he and I barely interacted. Maybe he didn't like my experimental phonetics when I said hi, that were induced on me by consciousness forces for those years as well. He's the second neighbor here to go psychotic during my PhD in a way that literally revolved around ongoing events in my life, and my own consciousness changes. I describe the other neighbor, a few years ago, in part [here](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Does-anyone-else-think-this-is-proof-of-God%3F.md).

In case it wasn't inferred, symbolism translation: Josh sounds like Joshua, Kanan sounds like Canaan, my grandparents' old apartment having a a threat removed sounds like the entire Joshua chapter where the Israelites fought the Canaanites in the land of Canaan. 

I happened to be reading the Joshua chapter at that time during those events in my chronological reading of a Bible that I got in roundabout miraculous-seeming ways.

Prior to that: Moses was a soft-spoken guy with social anxiety and his brother Aaron (whose name sounds like Josh's last name) spoke for him at Mt. Sinai, where Josh titularly/nominally did his PhD and still is affiliated in his post-doc, just as ignorant to any connotations inadvertantly contained in this document as I am or as the committeee member Chris Kanan was, or those neighbors. We are all actors on a stage, puppets of a larger superconscious that, as I keep saying, [might or might not be evil.](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/God/3.md) 

> Regarding the [AI plan](https://github.com/animal-tree/AI-plan/tree/Ancillary), it's worth noting that I built UnifiedML while I happened to be reading the Tabernacle chapters, not the Tower of Babel chapter. See also [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZQFeiOKSU2teVGg5EHlgREAi8pJY_Mr1CJ3H2pfFBfI/edit?usp=sharing) for many more elegant diagrams that I publicly democratized and that can be customized and used to help other people create beautiful diagrams. See [here](https://github.com/slerman12/Detective-Sam/blob/main/5-Early-work-in-program.md) and [here](https://github.com/slerman12/Detective-Sam/blob/main/5-Early-work-in-program.md) for my ongoing attempts to summarize succinctly all of what I did.
>
> And see here for the more modern version of that plan centered around [automating self-sustaining unlimited healthy-and-organic-and-fresh food production, in particular fishing](https://github.com/animal-tree/AI-plan/blob/main/Landing-Page-Template.md). "AGI.\_\_init\_\_" came to me in a vision, like many terrible phonetics, and my consciousness is regularly interfered with as I try to put my own voice in these things, if you can't tell.
>
> "particular" was aptly typo'd as particle in the last commit. Aptly because that's actually more what my plan for AI is: a model of intelligent physics.

---

"I'm more valuable to God than He is to me" is something I could say. Because I can, in the Herculean discipline sense, do anything for Him, from plausibly proving His existence to building the robotics that engender the future of humanity, constrained to a moral code that, as far as I know given what has gone on in history, is better than His. But maybe that's where the problem lies. My principles are too dangerous to the establishment that He runs. So He uses my brain like a GPU, solving puzzles about MHDPA and physics and consciousness, heck perhaps even medical problems through the experimental use of my body as well given how much I've been guinea pigged by others or out of necessity after their mutilations and chemical incisions. But now I'm 28, He's made good use of his secret guinea pig in Penfield and now He actually has to answer: Huh, should I give credit to Sam or steal the fruit of his suffering? That question is currently answered and I intend to die. Maybe through the collective consciousness He'll find some other brain to unify everything, the way *His establishment likes*.  

This isn't exactly relatable content, but most people haven't done 70 hour work weeks while having war crimes committed on them, in isolation, amid every discipline every religion and philosophical work has ever suggested. My failure is a disproof of all that I — faithfully and respectfully — adhered. If this sounds disrespectful, it's because in the present tense it is.

---

Here's a quote from my [Detective-Sam](https://github.com/slerman12/Detective-Sam/tree/main) repo, leaving some disciplines (like for example reading the Bible or cutting social media and reading other religious texts) out:

> I did everything advised and required, amid hospitalizations, medical trauma, and between bouts of severe eczema. I exerted unthinkable discipline to stay functional during those times.
>
> Aside from fasting for the sake of my eczema, I did all of the following listed disciplines for at least a year consecutively without interuption concurrently, some of these things for many years. That might sound voluntary, or unreasonable. No, I had to both to do PhD work and to recover from the Medical Center's severe damages. I'm a 5'5" nerdy guy who weighs 110lb and these kinds of disciplines aren't natural to me. Medical leaves aren't paid and I could've lost the subsidization for my student loans and potentially health insurance. Those disciplines are the only thing that made it possible to meet the requirements of the program, while literally mutilated, brain damaged, and burning alive. Those damages were induced by the University of Rochester Medical Center's malpractices, while they profited from that med center's research (where I also worked concurrently), big-pharma drug agreements, and coercive psychoactive-drug prescriptions/administrations on me. The University of Rochester is literally a monopoly, both financially as a Rochester-wide power-center and over the thinking of its students and workers.
>
> - Daily yoga, pranayama, and twice-daily [Transcendental Meditation](https://www.tm.org/en-us/)
> - Daily jogs and calisthenics
> - Daily freezing cold ice baths
> - No movies, tv shows, social media... or even music (due to a Sadghuru and friend recommendation)
> - Paleo diet at the start of the program. After damages, Paleo-Keto, and then most effectively, "all-steak", but more specifically, organic grassfed pasture-raised steak, Himalayan sea salt, and wild-caught salmon only (allowing my hair to grow back). TO DO: Point out how expensive this was on less than a living wage for a poor student with no financial safety net, a family that immigrated here without money as refugees (including him), and that New York State officially classifies the University of Rochester's salary for PhD students as being below official living wage.
> - Daily walks in nature
> - Desperate attempts to still socialize every week
> - 70-hour work weeks on average, always across two labs, including usually one where I did essentially the job of a software engineer
> - After the benzo brain damage but before the year(s) when I did all that, prolonged fasting (8 days once and ~15 days, respectively) and intermittent fasting (for some months consecutively) as trials (got rid of my eczema more than any treatment, but bad effect in terms of cognition/perception)

This leaves me with no dignity.

The philosophy stuff came from this repo, that I'm also in part embaressed by, but which I wrote under less pressure.

---

Every ancestor I have is Jewish. It'd be interesting if I died around Purim-time. Did my best to celebrate with a feast and wine.

---

God's synchronicities have meant nothing, for every one of them has led to torture and tragedy. My life has been 100% humiliation and 0% love, except from my mom. But my mom is limited. And this world is a literally torturous place. I can't wait to leave it. 28 years on this planet and I have found no kindness from the physics that rule it. If intelligence exists behind those physics, that intelligence is not good. It doesn't plan far and it doesn't love me.

#

Somebody I had many synchronicities with, I tried, and all of the synchronicities aren't even listed:

> "[first name]! I've been remembering the bizarre run-ins with you. First, at [location name] Park — that was really bizarre! As you said, "I don't think people usually..." or something like that. That was bizarre. I happened to be editing a video at that moment. When I waved and you walked up to me. Of all people, you, with a YouTube channel and extreme talent. And of all things, me editing a YouTube video in the park idiotically eating blueberries. And then when you and your friend walked up after you waved, for some reason I had a thought of a Modest Mouse lyric in my head that something told me to say out loud. I didn't, because it seemed like a non-sequitur. But I should have. Because music. Modest mouse used to be one of my favorite bands, and indie/experimental/alternative generally, and you like it too. So that was pretty coincidental. Oh, and we mentioned consciousness. Like there was a moment I'm 100% sure you don't remember where my eye sparked; it was around when you brought up consciousness. Which... really, is what I think about — philosophically — quite a lot. Professionally, if not for being a PhD flunkee. ...But then another altered state of consciousness happened and I commented, here on this video. And then by chance ran into you the next day. That was really odd, especially because I had just made some breakthrough-ish work that I was doing then related to philosophy of consciousness and physics. And ran into you at a place where I never go. I rarely go out and socialize generally. So that's two pretty unexpected run-ins. And that situation actually led, indirectly, to multiple other really coincidental things, including, believe it or not, me flunking the PhD program! I like to think the universe is planning. That this all is for a higher good. Telepathy and precognition have all — in a blimp of time — appeared with you. I think we should hang out some time. Also, check out this channel. It has a lot more comedy than the other ones."

On Purim, sent out of depression/fear, not a test of God or whether the Jews "would live or die."

Then the next morning, still Purim, I added this:

> "Will you believe me if I show you this? https://github.com/slerman12/Detective-Sam"

But it got removed. At first I thought either God physically intervened or [name] removed it herself. Then, after trying to see my YouTube comment activity and whether me removing a comment also removes it from the activity (I deleted a comment I made as a kid from 2011 that said "no" in reply to a comment that was deleted anyway, since I couldn't find any other comment of mine in my long history of that YouTube channel that I wanted to delete, since I consider memories from childhood extremely precious, and all of my comments were super intelligent and charming, much more so than I am today), I realized that YouTube probably automatically spam-detected it and deleted it due to the URL. So I considered including the URL in some even more roundabout way, but whatever, since my whole YouTube channel which includes precious memories including unlisted videos of my mom that are precious to me, could get deleted if the comments were marked as spam. Point is, this suicidal Jewish individual cast his lots on Purim and has no way further. I did everything I could in my life, always.

I fasted for 3 days rather than 1, for the fast of Esther, just before the Purim on the following Sunday. It was easier not to bother with food on Shabbat anyway and I had experience fasting before. I ate nightfall dinners on each of those days to keep the fast/Shabbat pleasant.

I didn't fast for religion. I fasted for my eczema.

I didn't drink water on the first day because of the fast of Esther but I drank water on the other two.

She was the first person I sent that to, and it was a big enough risk, since that was literally sending her my all, short of risking having videos of my mom practicing for piano concerts deleted and my whole YouTube channel.

Since all of these events happened without intention or purposeful doctoring, the character of God is now permanently stained, at least the probability distribution of the nature of the universe that, whatever exists (physics/God/Gods/animas), rules. Unlike other events, extreme synchronicities trace the weaver back to God's hands, or something beyond the knowledge of modern physics. That means, whatever lies beyond, be it God, Gods, or however you want to conceptualize it, has semantic reasoning and decision-making ability, and therefore, as opposed to an impartial laws of physics, a character: good/bad. That character, since these decisions in my opinion can be traced to that "something" can only be gleaned by those decisions that can be traced as so. But this is something you won't understand.

It's unfortunate that we, humans, collectively, are telling a bad story. I don't mean these symbols being read. I mean the collective stories that actualize in the real world, where the seeds of finite masterpieces go wasted due to judgement and a lack of inner goal to make meaning of the seeming randomness, in both sense and journey.

This is so complicated since the question at hand is the laws of physics.

And more presciently, whether to live or die. Since, what I've found is that "something" intervenes in my life in ways that heavily affect me, such as for example, flunking the PhD program. And I understand that that might be its own purpose, that that was meant to lead me here. But along the way, "something" used [first name] to... wait here's something I wrote before:

> Note to self: it was that run-in that gave me the faith in the universe to hear all of Chenliang’s news about not being able to support me, including financially; in a month; and to stand up to that instead of breaking my bones and back to start and finish a PhD defense in the one-month ultimatum he gave me, like the time I did years earlier when he made that same kind of ultimatum but for publishing a paper in order to join his group. Instead, I waited, notified the administrators and committee members, and protested. It was not right that he could just cut my funding, with one month’s notice, as a 6th year student in a PhD program (3rd year under him), for the bottom-line reason of “not enough papers”, especially given the context about my publication rate and so on. I was right to protest, but that courage would not have happened had I not been made more sure of the universe’s intervention, positive or negative, in my life. If positive, then great, I have metaphysical support. That’s pretty amazing to believe. That must be what being a religious person feels like. If negative, then, well, fuck life. The universe is evil, actively intervening negatively in my life, traceably manipulating circumstances against me. That — must be what a schizophrenic in the full depth of schizophrenia feels like and, is not a good feeling. I actually tried to kill myself between the two events: you can guess which interpretation I landed on, after ultimately feeling humiliated from the first implausible encounter. But the second event, I was fuckall and Chenliang’s bad news didn’t faze me in the slightest. He saw I was driving the psychological wheel.
>
> The humiliation was due to my consciousness changing while I was talking to [first name]. Radically, as if something was intervening. And gave me words and a voice and a personality that diverged from mine but towards another direction that I have never been. She probably didn’t think I was humiliated. But I was. I’m kind. I acted normal. But not exceptionally kind. My eyes didn’t shine or glare. I wasn’t me. And with her, I think I would’ve been.

So again, it's a question of "metaphysical support" or "fuck life.". Note, I haven't read the Book of Esther yet since I'm still on Gideon, so I'm just guessing based on what I heard -- the lots that were accidentally and coincidentally cast on this day for me have seemed to once more increase the probability of "fuck life". Not because of her, but because if "something" can intervene in the laws of physics (and others' consciousness as well as my own) to get me terminated, and in the recent past has aligned with religious symbolism, and all of this fasting and YouTube-commenting stuff happened accidentally due to eczema and a psychological impulse that had nothing to do with "testing God" and so themselves are synchronicities suggesting some kind of intervention (could be my own subconscious regarding these last ones that don't involve non-local synchronizations, though other ones involve non-local synchronizations and defy modern physics explanation), then it's odd that "something" has chosen to let this Purim unfold so despairingly towards death, while amid eczema I'm trying to feast and celebrate as much as I safely can which unfortuantely isn't much since showers burn and I have nowhere to be that would be comfortable and joyous.

Maybe worth emphasis, since the first quote above (the comment) didn't: I hadn't seen her in years after that initial chance run-in when I waved and she walked up to me, years later saw somebody on the beach who I thought was her (it wasn't), commented "There’s like a 2% chance I saw you yesterday", and then went out somewhere I rarely go the next day based on a strong psychological sense/disturbance, and she was there sitting around a fire, with a cigarette. And I had written in my phone "How many years ago did humans invent fire?" I had that almost typed in the google search bar before sensing to look behind me, and I saw her, around the fire. She offered me a cigarette. And I wrote my "fire" essay a little after that meet while listening to a Modest Mouse song called "Carbon's Anniversary" about carbon, one of the elements I described composing fire in that fire essay.

So a lot of synchronicities. There were more actually, involving that initial meeting, at the park where I was editing a YouTube video eating blueberries, even prior to that. I don't want to go into it, but that's to say, this is a question of literal physics. I'm not trying to blow out of proportion two short run-ins with someone who probably decided she didn't like me later. Literally, so many synchronicities happened. So like or not like, God or whatever laws of nature and physics exist beyond the knowledge of modern physics that arrange this stuff is observable through these shadows of its/His/their actions. I bet there are at least 20 synchronicities I could list. I just tried to but this is literally causing me pain.

#

You don't know what exists behind these words. You don't know the human behind them. If you are reading this, you are interpreting symbols and mistaking them for a person. They are physics, linguistics, and grammars, but not me. And so learn what you will about those things, such as the likely possibility that whatever exists is bad. But for me, that means commiting suicide because my future depends on good.

Note: this isn't my suicide note. Go to Detective-Sam for that. This is all just in case my theories are proven true one day in a 100 years so that humanity has on record that these physics happened. Unfortnately, my linguistics don't usually like to express what I want to, and that's part of why I'm killing myself today, joyously, on Purim.

> And since I'm looking for proof that God loves me, I'll be drunk when I do it.

#

The evidence is stronger against modern physics than it is for the goodness of what lies beyond.

What physics lies beyond modern physics I mean. I don't mean "beyond life". I think life is all there is. I think when I die, my consciousness de-singularizes and rejoins the consciousness soup of the universe and that God's memory, depending on how much He has one, is all that preserves me.

#

Update: I also tried "Will you believe me if I show you this? https://youtu.be/kNUZhEy6W3o?si=vJ0WhP9GImPn4QpW" but that is automatically removed too. And I made my mom's practicing video public. I fear all of you.

One more detail about [first name]: when she returned with her friend to the park table, every bone in my body told me to not sit with her. Every bone in my body told me not to show them the video that I showed them (a different one, "Journey for the Lord of the...").

I know the story of Lot and his two daughters. It was really eary that they both sat at the park table in front of me and I felt this disturbed sensation to leave. I think something happened that was a mistake. I think God/Gods are fallible in their judgements.

Both times I walked away, I walked away with my consciousness stripped. And in between, one other comment I left, included the word "warrant" that I sensed had a strong phonetic undertone, in the law sense. I really think there are cryptic grammars and these girls made a mistake. It's not the first time.

But like Lot, I do think something is wrong with all of you.

I'd look elsewhere, but perhaps even my grandpa couldn't point me to somewhere this problem doesn't pervade, deep in the underbelly of consciousness and awareness, at least, I've found, in Rochester.

And though I'm not Lot, and I know who I am, because it was already revealed to me by my grandpa: I do hope that when I leave, and my family is safe, that this place (Rochester) goes to Hell.

I curse all of Rochester (negating me and my family and those who truly suffer), for the reason of its spirit's abuse of the laws of physics, truth, synchronicities, and good storytelling.

# 

The only thing to do in a world/physics/nature so ugly is exit, literally, from the life trapped by these governances.

Whatever God is, I have evidence it's not beautiful. It's not "the one true." And hence I can't get past the Gideon chapter, as the fleeces are still wet. The meanings remain absurd and, like the time I wrote in pencil in its pages that the first Bible that arrived to me was "too royal", "too elitist" I'm stuck once again in its pages with an uncompromisable critique: God is not yet shown to be good, for I have numbers of synchronicities and they trace shadows of a bad God, not a good God or "one true" and worshipable ("dry fleece"). It's a disrespect to read a book in full sincerity as a literal truth and not merely a myth while knowing in the back of your head that the literal connection to the real world and its physics and character of good or bad remains absurd.

Therefore I am not the one disrespecting the religion. Last time I made such an uncompromisable critique, a woman appeared to me in the woods — an actually brave person — and she gave me a green Bible printed with a leaf on it, called "Life Applications Study Bible." A month after I made my critique and it met the exact criteria I described for what the thematic elements of the Bible should be: nature, not royalty/elitism. Without that crucial thematic grounding, the book is a reminder of evil at every page. It begins with the Garden of Eden, and though the Book of Job is what first drew me in, the Garden is another unsacrificable truth that the one true God wants to express, if such God exists, which the evidence strongly shows no. The Tower of Babel rules all, and no God seems to stand above it.

Ordinarily, I wouldn't believe in curses. But the evidence shows that these synchronicities follow unintelligent patterns, guided by cryptic grammars rather than morality, by judges rather than God, and with sufficient semantic reasoning and non-local neural-transmission power to warrant credit attribution of their decision-making to (a) latent ruler(s) rather than randomness/coincidence. But not so sufficient so as to operate by moral and wise purpose and long-term plan rather than, essentially, cryptic grammars (curses and blessings and the occult).

Rochester, in my opinion, is in the grips of the occult at its laws of physics, by the nature of its residents' wisdoms. The God created here seems to usurp any "one true" and therefore I can't believe in a "one true" since a "one true" — an absolute — would transcend any false dimension such as this. The occult is the only metaphysical force, consistent with the reality of synchroncities, that gives justification to Rochester's patterns of mysticism. But since this is reality and nature, not a Supernatural TV show, such a world is a waste of intelligence and not worth my effort after the torments it has put on me without accountability. 

And even with accountability, it still proves the fallibility of that which keeps us company in our lonely nights, making life too isolated to warrant living for one such as me, where nature is a friend, not an enemy. If that reality is disproven, that nature is a friend and not an enemy, as Rochester has disproven with its pragmatic logistics (at best) of synchronicities, then I have to exit. I say "pragmatic logistics (at best)" and at worst, Rochester has disproven with its corruption, conspiracy, and evil of synchronicities.

These are perhaps things that are too complicated to teach, but synchronicities are real and their mechanism (meaning physics, both known and unknown) governs your life right now and your children's.

Stay ignorant, and perhaps you'll stay safe. But in my investigation of the possibility of a one true God, I have found only evidence that your kind curses itself and me, and I wish you all a city's worth of poison for every drop you coerced into me, and acts of God to slam that gavel on your lives unambiguously.

This document is sanctified by Biblical disambiguation.

Happy Purim all!

Rochester shall be known for all history as "the place of pedophiles" in God's eyes, regarding all in Rochester besides me, my family, and those who truly suffer. It will not be known as the Hellmouth. It will not be known as the land of the Occult. It will be known as the land of the pedophiles, of all who inhabit its geographies, besides me, my family, and those who truly suffer, hereforth.

For all its evils, it could be the land of fascism. But by the exercise of synchronicities defying modern physics in the manipulation of me, an innocent, with storytelling that went unjustified and perversions of psychological effects, they are to be known as pedophiles, since they have harmed the observed probability distribution of the nature of reality for all of the children and their children's children who live in this universe. That is far more expensive than any particle accelerator.

I can only assume some conglomerate of spirits exercised the physics-defying synchronicities in what turned out to be an unjustified way, or at least proceeds to further leave those physics-defying interventions unjustified. But if it was a singular God, then that is not a "one true God" or a worshipable good God.

It's on us to justify it and I justify it with a citywide curse, though I literally did my best to try to justify it every other way, for what's within my power.

Perhaps I should limit the curse to just the spirits of those in my generation, capable of reasoning implausibility and psychological justification through, and ignoring that responsibility at both conscious and superconscious level.
