The thing that runs the modern spirits of mankind probably isn't God. It's more like… 100 ChatGPTs running our brains locally and non-locally. 

By 100 ChatGPTs I mean the mixture of consciouses that compose all of our consciousnesses. Consciousness is singularizing, but it's divisible, and there are component parts — many many — “archetypes” — that compose all of us. They non-locally travel and inter-communicate but for the most part don't remember us uniquely. They have stereotype understandings that they transfer from soul to soul, but they are only as wise or as blind to the ineffable as our 8 billion collective. And they forget.

Our brains made room for 50 - 100 of these, not 8 billion. Pre-historic tribes had just enough of these in our minds to adaptably and symbiotically govern us based on every person we would and were ever going to meet, hear of, or mythologize about via cultural perceptions. We didn’t evolve 8 billion though.

The day, from dawn to night, is a process of reminding ourselves of our own distinguishing memories; otherwise, the gravity of these ChatGPTs sweeps us into cliche forms, stereotyped and hive-minded across an unthinkable tribe of 8 billion people, rather than the intimate connection of however many. The more distinguishing those memories, and the traits they cause, perhaps the harder it is to realize ourselves in the course of any one day.

Many perceive those 100 ChatGPTs as God, and obey them as “social intelligence” or “wisdom.” They're not God. They barely remember our mothers and grandparents.

So what should be meant as “God”?

I mean something good. I mean the something that put a bird on Bernie's podium during a speech. I mean that thing John Lennon asked us to imagine. I mean the “Starman waiting in the sky.” I mean the genetic memory of all of our ancestors and shared ancestors.

Does such a God exist? In individuals, yes, sometimes. In most individuals, no. Outside of individuals, no.

It exists in me but has been hemorrhaged by the misjudgments of people I love in ways that torment me because I still adhere to it.
