Fermions are a firmament. What a coincidence! Photons came first.

Dear God, you have literally tormented me. I circumsized myself because you threatened to kill my mom if I didn't, and bled over the kitchen floor. I jumped in a frozen sewage brook trying to save her because in a hypnogogic state you told me she was drowning. You drugged me for 6 months on a high dose of benzos. I did nothing but meditate, work, and love everybody. I sacrificed every pleasure and did every discipline suggested by every religion and philosophy. I sacrificed myself thinking I was serving you over and over and over and over again and you kept adding synchronicities to reenforce it. I had no prior mental issues (like that) before my PhD program. I had social anxiety and eczema. One statistical anomaly after another, you destroyed and tormented me. I kept fighting through and adding more and more disciplines to live healthy and efforts to connect with people. You destroyed all of those relationships *through no fault of my own*. *Through no fault of my own.* I am unappreciated and you are a bad God. And unlike other tragedies that you've bestowed to countless others, these ones can be traced to you because of the synchronicities. Whatever you are, you are unworshipable.

This is who I was before you got involved: [youtube.com/@LermanProductions](https://www.youtube.com/@LermanProductions).

Not the latest video. That was entirely guided by the phonetics you gave me. Believe it or not, I did that whole video on command in a psychotic episode. Start to nearly finish. Obeying the phonetic commands that you put in my throat. People might think it's a stupid video (or rather, normal and just funny but in a way that's from a different character than the one I am, who you literally stole), but you put those words in my mouth. Those are your phonetics that I learned trying to balance reason with what I could only have guessed was a force of nature or good, or at least physiological power over me and synchronicities, synchronicities that I interpreted as being from *something*, e.g. God or collective consciousness. But these linguistic and phonetic patterns are stupid. The universe and/or humanity runs on a conspiracy of corruption emanating literally into the superconscious/spirit realm, and I fucking served that thinking those synchronicities maybe had a reason behind them.

You made two of my neighbors go crazy, both have psychotic episodes, one of them who I envisioned that morning/night of my circumcision and trying to save my mom from drowning, under the moon, that I would resurrect as him. He died later that year in a psychotic episode about his mom. Then a new neighbor moved in. He also had a psychotic episode, entirely centered around me. The Rochester Police Department can confirm. He screamed in the halls and banged on my door every day threatening to beat me up if I came out. He then moved, just as I finished your stupid Joshua chapter about the Israelites reclaiming Israel. Oh, and I "defeated" Kanan my committee member in an email debate concurrently in another stupid coincidence, just as the Joshua forces defeated the Caananites and my best friend Josh returned into my life (via text). That apartment happened to be the one my grandparents lived in. But now some new tenant got it.

<br>
<br>

Oh and by the way all of those things [tied to other traumas](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff/blob/main/Does-anyone-else-think-this-is-proof-of-God%3F.md), in case of the reader reading this and thinking I was crazy and that my suffering wasn't synchronized with God or *something*. Those events corresponded to quite a lot, literally that night, for someone else, and the many-year-long thread that could be traced from that night, each ridiculous unbelievable traumatizing synchronicity, and more that I've left out.

The forces that regulate me are my Hell and they will prevent me from conveying this credibly. But, I tried, as much as these events could possibly ask of me. The rest is up to your empathy and intelligence. I'm out.

<br>
<br>

Also, that committee member seemed fine. These narratives, that I did not write into reality, were psychotic. Something did. They couldn't have logically been accidents, not in full context. 

Physicists and theologians might find evidence for new or pre-existing beliefs in the physics-defying statistical unlikelihood of what "God" or something has put me through and the true-narrative of many extreme coincidences, like fermions being constrained under the Pauli exclusion principle such that they can collide with one another. In other words, a firmament, following the cosmogenetic appearance of bosons, in particular photons, light, in the Big Bang. Guess Genesis got that part right. And something about human innocence, that the rest of the Bible gladly tore apart.

<br>
<br>

You're all insane, and you understand why I think that from your understanding of why I think that, but you don't understand why I know that.
